Azure Arc on Azure VMs scenario (#149)
microsoft/azure_arc: azure_arc_servers_jumpstart/docs/azure_arm_linux.md

#  Onboard an Azure Linux Server VM with Azure Arc

> The following README will guide you on how onboard a Azure Linux VM on to Azure Arc. An ARM template is provided for the creation of the Azure Resouces, along with an script that will allow you to onboard the Azure VM onto Azure Arc, this step is requiered as Azure VMs are already part of ARM, therefore, the Azure Arc agent cannot be installed following the regular onboarding method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following README will guide you on how to onboard an Azure Linux VM on to Azure Arc. An ARM template is provided for the creation of the Azure Resouces, along with a script that will allow you to onboard the Azure VM onto Azure Arc, this step is required as Azure VMs are already part of ARM, therefore, the Azure Arc agent cannot be installed following the regular onboarding method. 
```

The onboarding to Arc should be automatic by default. We should also provide a "semi-automated" approach so the user can demo the onboarding itself by manually running the script

Author: I did the onboarding by running a script, as automatic as possible. Were you thinking on a different way? Using custom scripts as far as the testing I did is not possible, happy to talk about this

   > [!NOTE]Please note that this scenario is only intended for demo purposes. 

# Azure Account  

> * You will need an Azure Account with an active and valid subscription so you can deploy the Azure VMs and then register and onboard them with Azure Arc. If you do not have an account already, you can start with a free-trial account. 

Reviewer: what does "valid" mean?

Author: With credit basically. They cannot use a free account they had 5 years ago

> * You will need an Azure Account with an active and valid subscription so you can deploy the Azure VMs and then register and onboard them with Azure Arc. If you do not have an account already, you can start with a free-trial account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You will need an Azure Account with an active and valid subscription so you can deploy the Azure VMs and then register and onboard them with Azure Arc. If you do not have an account already, you can start with a free trial account. 
```

* To create an Azure free account browse to [this link](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/) and select 'Start Free' to get access to a free trial subscription. 

# Prerequisites

* Clone this repo

    ```terminal
    git clone https://github.com/microsoft/azure_arc.git
    ```
    
* [Install or update Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest). **Azure CLI should be running version 2.7** or later. Use ```az --version``` to check your current installed version.

> # Automation Flow

Reviewer: Please align to the language [here](https://github.com/microsoft/azure_arc/blob/master/azure_arc_sqlsrv_jumpstart/docs/aws_terraform_winsrv.md#automation-flow)

Below you can find the automation flow for this scenario:

1. Edit the *azurevm_linux.parameters.json* file 

> 2. Upon execution of the *azurevm_linux.json* ARM template, an Azure VM will be created on your Azure Subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Upon deployment of the *azurevm_linux.json* ARM template, an Azure VM will be created in your Azure Subscription
```

3. Connect to the VM and run the *allow_arc_agent.sh* Shell script on the guest OS to: 
    * Prepare the OS for the installation of the "Azure Arc Connected Machine Agent".

>     * Install and configure the "Azure Arc Connected Machine Agent". 

Reviewer: See my comment around automated and semi-automated deployment

# Deployment

* Create a new Azure Resource Group where you want your machine(s) to be deployed and then be registered as Azure Arc enabled Servers. 

    ```terminal
    az group create --name <Name of the Azure Resource Group> --location <Azure Region>

>     ```

Reviewer: This should be automated as well

> ![](../img/azure_linux/01.png)

Reviewer: Resource Group == Azure-Arc-Demo

* Before executing the ARM template, you must set the parameters that match your environment. Edit the *azurevm_linux.parameters.json* file and provide: 
    - **adminUsername:** a username for Admin access to the Linux OS
    - **adminPublicKey:** the public key for SSH access
    - **dnsLabelPrefix:** a DNS prefix for the VM 

>     - **vmName:** a custom name for the Azure VM

Reviewer: This part should be the first part of the deployment phase (+ Resource Group)

Author: they are different scopes in ARM template deployments, this is at RG level the RG creation is at subscription.

* To deploy the ARM template, navigate to the local cloned deployment folder and run the below command:

    ```console
    az deployment group create --resource-group <Name of the Azure Resource Group> --name <The name of this deployment> --template-uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/azure_arc/master/azure_arc_servers_jumpstart/azure/arm_template/azurevm_linux.json --parameters <The *azurevm_linux.parameters.json* parameters file location>

>     ```

Reviewer: convert to multiple lines command

* Once Azure resources have been provisioned, you will be able to see it in Azure portal. 

# Azure Arc Agent Installation 

* SSH onto the recently created machine. 

![](../img/azure_linux/02.png)

* Provide your environment variables and run the script *allow_arc_agent.sh*. Make sure the script has execution permissions by running: 

    ```console
    sudo chmod +x allow_arc_agent.sh
    sudo ./allow_arc_agent.sh
    ```
   > [!NOTE] the script is prepared to run on Ubuntu VMs, if you are using other Linux distros you will need to customize it. 

![](../img/azure_linux/03.png)

* Upon completion, you will have your Linux server, connected as a new Azure Arc resource inside your Resource Group.

![](../img/azure_linux/04.png)

# Clean up environment

Complete the following steps to clean up your environment.

* Remove the resource group that holds all the resources for this scenario. 

> ![](../img/azure_linux/05.png)

Reviewer: Fix Arc server name to align with the naming convention
